parsing netlist...
checking netlist...
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `Vce' in equation `Vbc' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
netlist content
      1 BJT instances
      1 DC instances
      1 SW instances
      3 Vdc instances
creating netlist...
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VBE.I' in equation `Ib' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VCE.I' in equation `Ic' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `VSUB.I' in equation `Isub' not yet defined
