parsing netlist...
checking netlist...
checker notice, variable `R_load' in equation `r_calc' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `R_load' in equation `r_calc' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
netlist content
      1 AC instances
      4 R instances
      2 Tr instances
      1 SW instances
      1 Vac instances
creating netlist...
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `forward.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `reflected.v' in equation `r_measure' not yet defined
