Output:
-------

Starting new simulation on Fri 03. Jul 2015 at 15:22:09:100

creating netlist... done.
project location: 
modules to load: 0
factorycreate.size() is 0
factorycreate has registered:
parsing netlist...
checking netlist...
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V4' in equation `D1.Q4' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `I3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D2.Q1' not yet defined
netlist content
      1 IProbe instances
      1 DC instances
      3 L instances
      4 R instances
      2 EDD instances
      2 SW instances
      2 Vdc instances
creating netlist...
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V4' in equation `D1.Q4' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `I3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D2.Q1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V4' in equation `D1.Q4' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `I3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D2.Q1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V4' in equation `D1.Q4' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `I3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.Q3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V3' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I3' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I2' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D1.I1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1' in equation `D2.Q1' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V1.I' in equation `Id' not yet defined

Simulation ended on Fri 03. Jul 2015 at 15:22:09:498
Ready.




Errors:
-------


